

---------

@rickchristie I really like the wtfpl, bsd without attribution but not just public domain (as that concept does not exist in many countries) 

Without looking at the code at all some impressions: 
Carrot\Core\Classes\SampleController 

Why is there a "classes" namespace, Why is "SampleController" in the core package 

The goals are so and so, little unfinished, maybe state that it's a learning project, doesn't matter much at this point 

I really dislike the PSR-0 but I see the reasons you had for choosing it 

I'm not to big a fan of passing in request at __construct time (rather when an action is executed) but if you allow mutiple actions per controller its easier that way, i get that. 

The controller creates a new instance of response in the first sample, that kinda contradicts your "mission" statement a little (not really, but it's not sexy ;) ) 

Are you sure you know what a "Plain old php object" is? (See plain old java object) 
Destination" in the router is a value object? 

The argument to the routing function seems arbiary without explanation, what if i need something else, I don't even have my $dic there :) 

Looking at the code clears some of those questions (or raises new ones) but i like holding the code to its docs and external behavior and not look at the implantation first because it creates "excuses" why things are that way :)

@rickchristie That is exactly the reason why is think the PSR-0 is crap, you can't have a nice folder layout without fucked up namespaces ;) (well at least it's harder)

I guess my idea would be to just not seperate classes and interfaces then

@rickchristie Because a short / nice / clean / meaningful namespace is kinda more important than your folder layout? .. dunno .. have done to few things with namespaces.. how does SF2 do it :P

----

Romanish:

@rickchristie I looked a bit at the code and I like it. It's certainly better than not using any framework at all and it does what it advertised. Plus it's compact. I see very little reason for anyone to learn it, but if you use it for your own projects, that's good enough.

@rickchristie i wouldn't try to get other use it, because it's a hell of a job, i know from promoting agile toolkit myself :) there needs to be very heavy reasons for people even try to make a test project on it.

I might have been very spoiled, but unless framework will save me some brain-cycles, it's difficult to see how that would be useful for me.


---

Markus:

@rickchristie does it have two-way routing?

-----



Add Carrot\Core\Library\Replaceable

Add Carrot\Util\Rules
Add Carrot\Util\Template
Add Carrot\Util\

Add Carrot\Database\MySQLDatabase



